service environment variable (#3809)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/add-services/_index.md

+++

Once a service is running and exposed as a relationship,

> its credentials (such as the host, username, and password) are automatically available as [service environment variables](/development/variables.html#service-specific-variables), with the pattern:
> ```
> {{< variable "<CAPITALIZED_RELATIONSHIP_NAME>" >}}_<VARIABLE>=<VALUE>
> ```

Reviewer: We have a display issue in the output here, so I think it's better if we use inline variables rather than a code block. And I used the ${{< variable "RELATIONSHIP_NAME" >}}-_{{< variable "SERVICE_PROPERTY" >}} format because that's how Jérôme described it in his design doc and I think that might be more straightforward, WDYT?

```suggestion
its credentials (such as the host, username, and password) are automatically available as [service environment variables](/development/variables.html#service-specific-variables), in the ${{< variable "RELATIONSHIP_NAME" >}}-_{{< variable "SERVICE_PROPERTY" >}} format.
```
